Add network SLO (#19)
appuio/component-openshift4-slos: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

== `network_canary`
[horizontal]
type:: dictionary

`network_canary` allows configuring the network canary used for measuring packet loss for network SLO.

=== `network_canary.enabled`:
[horizontal]
type:: boolean
default:: `${openshift4_slos:slos:network:canary:enabled}`

Whether the canary should be deployed.
By default the component will deploy the canary if and only if the network canary SLO is enabled.

=== `network_canary.namespace`
[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `appuio-network-canary`

In which namespace the network canary should be deployed.

INFO: This needs to differ from the default SLO namespace so that we can choose different node selectors for the canary.

=== `network_canary.nodeselector`
[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=`

On which nodes the canary should be deployed on.
By default the network canary will run on all worker nodes.

=== `network_canary.resources`
[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
resources:
  limits:
    memory: 40Mi
  requests:
    cpu: 1m
    memory: 20Mi
----

> The resources requests and limits for the network canary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource requests and limits for the network canary.
```

=== `network_canary.tolerations`
[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
tolerations:
  infrastructure:
    effect: NoSchedule
    key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
    operator: Exists
  storage:
    key: 'storagenode'
    operator: 'Exists'
----

The tolerations for the network canary daemonset.

> The values of the dictionary will be used as is as tolerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values of the dictionary will be passed as is to the manifest.
```
